1 The campfire stories kept every camper entertained.
1 The camper packed their things before heading home.
2 They spent the night in a camper on the beach.
2 They installed solar panels on the roof of their camper.
1 Each camper was responsible for cleaning their area.
2 They rented a camper for their road trip through the mountains.
2 The old camper had a tiny kitchenette and a fold-out bed.
2 They towed a camper behind their truck during vacation.
1 The counselor made sure each camper was accounted for.
1 They assigned each camper to a different group.
1 One camper got stung by a bee on the nature hike.
2 The camper broke down on the side of the highway.
1 That camper performed a skit during talent night.
1 She became friends with another camper in her bunk.
1 The youngest camper in the group needed help tying shoes.
1 Every camper at the summer camp had to bring a sleeping bag.
2 The camper was stocked with food and sleeping bags.
2 The family cooked breakfast inside their camper.
2 He lives in a camper and works remotely from national parks.
1 Every camper received a t-shirt at the end of camp.
2 The camper's roof popped up to create extra headroom.
2 The family will be so excited when they see their camper!
1 As a returning camper, she helped welcome the new kids.
2 They bought a new camper to travel across the country.
1 One camper got homesick and called their parents.
1 The camper woke up early for morning activities.
2 Their camper has a small bathroom and sleeping area.
2 We parked the camper near the lake and set up a fire pit.
2 Her dream is to convert a van into a cozy little camper.
1 After spending a weekend camping in the forest, Sarah and her friends enjoyed the simplicity of living in a camper, making it their home away from home for a few days.
1 The couple decided to explore the countryside, staying in a camper for a week to fully immerse themselves in nature.
1 Each summer, dozens of camper families return to the same forest clearing to relive their favorite outdoor traditions
2 The family packed up their gear and hit the road in their camper, ready for an unforgettable summer road trip across the country.
2 They decided to rent a camper for their vacation, allowing them to explore remote national parks while having all the comforts of home on wheels.
2 After weeks of planning, Mark and his friends finally embarked on their cross-country adventure, traveling in a fully-equipped camper that had everything they needed for the journey
1 The camper woke up early to watch the sunrise over the lake.
1 Each camper brought their own sleeping bag and flashlight.
1 The summer camp provided activities to keep every camper engaged.
2 They traveled across the country in a fully equipped camper.
2 The family parked their camper near the forest and set up for the night.
2 The new camper has a tiny kitchen, bed, and even a small shower.
1 My son is a big camper.
1 He is a camper.
2 That is a camper. 